readme.md, before:

# Welcome to our coding test!

Your solution to this coding test will be evaluated based on its:
 * Adherence to best coding practices
 * Correctness
 * Efficiency

Take your time to fully understand the problem and formulate a plan before starting to code, and don't hesitate to ask any questions if you have doubts.

# Objective

Since we are a money transfer company this test will revolve around a (very) simplified transaction model. Our aim is to implement the methods listed in `com.smallworld.TransactionDataFetcher`, a component that allows us to get some insight into the transactions our system has.

A battery of test transactions is stored in `transactions.json` that is going to be used as a datasource for all our data mapping needs.

Each entry in `transactions.json` consists of:
 * mtn: unique identifier of the transaction
 * amount
 * senderFullName, senderAge: sender information
 * beneficiaryFullName, beneficiaryAge: beneficiary information
 * issueId, issueSolved, issueMessage: issue information. Transactions can:
   * Contain no issues: in this case, issueId = null.
   * Contain a list of issues: in this case, the transaction information will be repeated in different entries in `transactions.json` changing the issue related information.

Each method to be implemented includes a brief description of what's expected of it.

The parameters and return types of each method can be modified to fit the model that contains the transaction information

Have fun!

Commit message:

Feat: Implement the main class SmallWorldApplication for driving the TransactionDataFetcher and implement TransactionJsonRepository to read from the given json transaction dataset.

readme.md, after:

# Implementation Notes

## Problem Statement:
To implement the `com.smallworld.domain.TransactionDataFetcher` class correctly, following the correct and efficient coding practices.

## Approach:

I follow a TDD approach to implement the specification defined in the given class following a layered approach.

## Architecture:

I follow a layered architecture as follows.

- **Presentation Layer**: This contains the main class to display the computation in console for the given dataset.
- **Domain Layer**: This layer contains the core logic of the implementation and the entities related to the domain i.e. `Transaction` class in this case. The `com.smallworld.domain.TransactionDataFetcher` is also a part of this layer
- **Data Layer**: This layer is responsible for loading the data and making it available for the Domain layer to perform relevant computation(s).

## Testing:

Testing is done for the Domain layer, as it is the center of our application and contains the business rules for computing.

# Welcome to our coding test!

Your solution to this coding test will be evaluated based on its:
 * Adherence to best coding practices
 * Correctness
 * Efficiency

Take your time to fully understand the problem and formulate a plan before starting to code, and don't hesitate to ask any questions if you have doubts.

# Objective

Since we are a money transfer company this test will revolve around a (very) simplified transaction model. Our aim is to implement the methods listed in `com.smallworld.domain.TransactionDataFetcher`, a component that allows us to get some insight into the transactions our system has.

A battery of test transactions is stored in `transactions.json` that is going to be used as a datasource for all our data mapping needs.

Each entry in `transactions.json` consists of:
 * mtn: unique identifier of the transaction
 * amount
 * senderFullName, senderAge: sender information
 * beneficiaryFullName, beneficiaryAge: beneficiary information
 * issueId, issueSolved, issueMessage: issue information. Transactions can:
   * Contain no issues: in this case, issueId = null.
   * Contain a list of issues: in this case, the transaction information will be repeated in different entries in `transactions.json` changing the issue related information.

Each method to be implemented includes a brief description of what's expected of it.

The parameters and return types of each method can be modified to fit the model that contains the transaction information

Have fun!
